alright interesting story on uh the
drones with which we've been talking
about have been very critical of the
drone program of the US there's an NYU
student who's been tweeting every
reported US drone strike his name is
Josh Begley you can follow him on
twitter at twitter.com slash drone
stream now he has been just simply
tweeting since 2002 whenever there is a
known US drone strike now if you look at
his tweets there's a disturbing trend
which seems to suggest that the u.s. may
be using something called the double tap
tactic now what is the double tap tactic
lewis what that is it's known what's
fascinating about this is that in 2007 a
report came out from the homeland
security institute saying that the
double tap is a quote favorite tactic of
Hamas and the FBI considers it a tactic
employed by terrorists and what this is
is hitting the same target multiple
times you hit it once first responders
show up a perimeter is established you
know people are there and then pretty
soon you hit the same target again often
hitting a lot of those first responders
increasing the number of dead make sense
so far iphone okay again what it seems
like if we look at the reports of these
drone strikes is that the u.s. is using
this tactic for example we look at uh
mr. Begley's stream here jun 18 2009 to
drone missiles kill one person rescuers
rushed to the scene two more struck
killing eight hot June 23rd 2009 five
days later 80 more people were killed
when several US drones targeted a
funeral in Pakistan and this goes on and
on and on I don't have to read the whole
list to you but it's incredibly
disturbing to me that we have a
situation here where terrorist tactics
identified by the US seem to be mimicked
by US drone policy overseas now again
we've talked about Obama and Republicans
this is pretty much widespread approval
of this type of thing and we've been
critical of everybody who's in favor of
it we've got to have a more serious
discussion of this this has to become a
bigger deal the u.s. is using tactics
apparently
which by their own standards are
terrorist tactics I know last time we
talked about drones I i kinda defended
drone strikes in the use of drones but
this this is pretty bad i mean the idea
is is to get your target with the first
hit and uh if this is what's happening i
am certainly not proud of that right in
other words we whether or not you agree
with drone strikes note on the argument
can be made that by using drone strikes
instead of other methods assuming you
will carry out those operations less
civilians will die that argument can be
made that's a separate argument from
whether this is okay or not and it's
totally that argument goes out the
window doesn't it when you start using a
double tap method meant to kill people
that are then in the area right on me I
mean it's possible that we're comparing
two illegal things and saying which one
is less bad exactly that's exactly what
we're doing yeah so I don't know it
seems to me like this is the one issue
where there is bipartisan support for in
the US and we need and it's gonna be
that much more difficult because of that
actually investigated properly no
question about it this has got to be a
bigger deal again you're not seeing very
much of this you see this a little bit
in mainstream media but this is going on
daily ladies and gentlemen